GUID generation for dynamic fragments (#320) (#460)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/json-fragment-extensions.md

In the `"schemes"` list, a new color scheme called "Postmodern Tango Light" is defined, and can be subsequently referenced by the user in their settings file or in this JSON file itself (notice that "Cool Profile" uses this newly defined color scheme).

Of course, if the developer only wishes to add/modify profiles without adding color schemes (and vice-versa), only the relevant list needs to be present and the other list can be omitted.

## Profile GUIDs

As previously stated profile GUIDs are a way to reference profiles and let users update and extend them without worrying about location or name changes. The only profiles that can be modified through fragments are the default profiles, Command Prompt and PowerShell, as well as [dynamic profiles](./dynamic-profiles.md). Providing a GUID is optional, however, strongly encouraged.

> The GUIDs are generated using a Version 5 UUID generator which supports BOM-less UTF-16LE encoding. The namespace GUID for Windows Terminal is `{2BDE4A90-D05F-401C-9492-E40884EAD1D8}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GUIDs are generated using a Version 5 UUID generator which supports BOM-less UTF-16LE encoding. The namespace GUID for Windows Terminal is `{f65ddb7e-706b-4499-8a50-40313caf510a}`.
```

Based on @DHowett's [comment](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/issues/10374#issuecomment-857830194), I believe this is the correct namespace GUID.

### How to determine the GUID of an existing profile

To determine the GUID of a profile to be updated, use the aforementioned namespace GUID and name of the profile.

As a sanity check, a profile called 'Ubuntu' will get the generated GUID: `{2C4DE342-38B7-51CF-B940-2309A097F518}`

### Generating a new profile GUID

To generate a GUID for a completely new profile prior to distributing it you can use the following Python 3 example. It generates a GUID based on the provided namespace GUID for a profile called 'Ubuntu' conveniently matching the sanity check.

```python
import uuid

# The Windows Terminal namespace GUID

> namespaceGUID = uuid.UUID("{2BDE4A90-D05F-401C-9492-E40884EAD1D8}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
namespaceGUID = uuid.UUID("{f65ddb7e-706b-4499-8a50-40313caf510a}")
```

Author: I updated the pull request accordingly.
